All right welcome back my students so it's time for us to start learning some other methods built in
function ID from our avail that allows us to attach rules detachable sync.
I mean it's going to be a really really awesome lecture OK I'm going to try to try to do all three methods
right now right here on this lecture.
So let's go and try to do them.
All right.
So right now if we go to our our BHP miasmic our database right we only have two rules right altering
administrator and you can have more.
OK.
Like I said before my data might change from yours but the lecturers are saying I am showing you how
to do one thing.
So let's go and learn how the attachment rolls right out of the box.
Right out of a method instead of doing all this create stuff right here we're just going attach it.
Right.
And I'll show you right now how this works but just know that this functionality will create the method
at the same time.
All right.
We'll actually assign it to a user.
So this is going to be a really cool lecture.
All right.
Because this are right here.
We are doing the same thing but we have to do all this and I mean it's one way of doing it.
All right but watch this.
So let's.
First thing is we always have to find the model or the user or whatever
relationship we're dealing with right.
Let's do or fail.
It makes more sense to have some type of exception thrown if it doesn't work right.
All right cool.
So we find the user.
And then all we have to do is look at this how simple it is user.
All right roles and use attach method.
And now just tell it which one do you want to attach.
All right so I want to attach the one with the number two to this user.
So the role has a number two.
OK.
All right.
Watch this.
Let's go to the browser.
So Id actually know we need Rule Number six.
So we go to all user right now we have a couple rules attached that we have to their user we have several
IDs seven rules right here.
OK.
So we should have eight when we come back and we should have just eight.
All right.
Let us make sure that we attach number sits to it.
And that was Arthur.
OK.
That's going to be all right.
Cool let's go and do this now.
CH.
And we get no errors.
That's a good sign.
Let's come back here to roll user I eurozone and we have on the record you see that and we have roll
number sets attached to user number one with ID number one.
So there.
That's beautiful but if you keep doing this enter again and refresh you're going to attach the same
rule again right here.
OK.
So that's that's one of the downfalls of that.
All right.
You can also the tace.
All right so let's use copy all this because it makes no sense to write it.
We already know how to do it right.
Unless you want to keep practicing.
So we detach we find the the user and we detach.
So we say the here with attached data record or Dayrell from each user.
So this too will be gone.
All right let's do this detach.
Enter refresh and as you can see those rules are gone from the user.
All right.
Yukking also the Tadg.
I believe if you don't pass any parameters you can take all of them off.
All right enter you come back here and all the rules from the users are gone.
All right.
So you might want to put a come in here and what its function does.
Exactly.
So he attaches a role to a user right.
And you know if in the same way the tap.
Well actually this is the detach one so they attach attach as a rule to a user if it if it's not attached
it will actually create the attachment.
Azer as another record in the database.
So you've got to be careful with that because it would not just attach it of data it will it will create
another record.
All right even if he already has it.
So make sure that you put that in your comments.
Now this detach will detach whatever ID you give it of the role or whatever relationship you have right
here or if you take it off it will detach everything.
All right so make sure you have that they are the one that we're going to do on this lecture here and
I think we have some time.
It's sync.
All right.
So I'll explain to you in a minute what this one do would do.
But let shows Bill the route for it.
All right cool.
All right.
So again we find the user
we we are so used to doing this right guys so simple now.
All right.
So we find the user and we say hey listen I want to actually we don't have no rules now.
So are we is better that we create a rule for this.
All right.
BHP mad men where is these rules.
Well actually we do have some rules.
I'm sorry.
Well we were detaching the rules from the user.
It will come up empty it out from the roll user table.
Now from the rules it would not delete the rules.
It would just detach you take it off from the roll user.
All right.
I just want to make that clear.
But let's go to sinking.
So what sinkings going to do is we're going to give it an idea let's just write the first we're going
to give you an idea or in many an array of ideas.
So he's going to sink whatever ideas we give it to this specific user and if it doesn't exist.
If he's not here in this array let's just create an array.
If it's not here in this array it will delete the rest.
OK.
So for example if I go to rules right now and we want to sync alter way of the user.
Watch what happens if let's say let's go to use a real quick roll user less insert a roll into the user
right.
Right away you know I'll show you I think it's number seven.
All right.
Let's touch a real quick insert some information here so that we they use as a rule.
OK.
He has a rule with the number 7 that's administrator.
So for example if I want to sync number sets it already has number 7 but watch what happens if I say
you know what I want to sing.
And when you pass out of one value you don't have to create an array for it.
All right.
So let's make sure we have a coma here.
You will understand that once it does it guys.
But I want you to be very clear on what the sync would do.
Then we say sync oops actually it must be a type of a race.
Guys it must be an array.
All right so that you can pass one value without consequences.
But I was wrong.
Maybe they changed it.
Sync refresh.
Well right here RHO user as you can see it took the other.
All right.
It took the other roll from there.
So now it gave us a roll of one but we don't have the rules so we need to go in and do the rules sit
again here.
Let's do it.
And for now she can see it related that rule number sets to their user ID number one but he deleted
all the ones so now if you attached to them two rolls six and seven we pass it in as a barometer.
And then we come here
enter and refresh as you can see it attach.
Well I think the other one.
So if you don't pass the roll like here whatever rules you have the database will delete.
So make sure that whatever rules you want they are here in this Arev not lose that attachment.
All right that relationship.
But anyway I think it's enough for today with this method.
Anything else would be fun or Clarabelle Larrabee has tons of other methods and functionality that will
help you when you are creating an application.
Make things a lot easier for you.
Thank you so much for watching guys and I hope you learn a lot from this lecture.
All right we did a pretty pretty cool stuff from these lectures attaching detaching sinking those from
challengers are going to help you build really complications.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture